hobby.md, before:

### Notes on building Hasegawa's 1/48 Bf 109F/G/K kits

Some notes on building Hasegawa's 1/48 Messerschmitt Bf 109G-6.  They may apply to
other variants as well.

Cockpit: it would probably be best to glue some scrap plastic to the back of the
instrument panel and then sand it to fit the curvature of the panel.  That would
make the bond to the inside of the fuselage better.  Also, glue the sidewalls to the
fuselage, rather than to the cockpit floor.  When the sidewalls were glued to the
floor, the floor did not fit against its mounts.

Cowling: make sure it fits smoothly.  Probably need to sand the parts it mounts against.

Sand the grills that mount in the wings.  It might be beneficial to add butt support to
the join.

Paint the mottle before painting the top of the fuselage.  As a matter of
fact, it may be advantageous to paint the mottle before the tops of the
wings.  Also, paint the mottle before attaching the air intake.

Either make large (1 mm) holes in the top of the wing for the tire bulges, or
sand off the pins.  Otherwise it is difficult to align them.

Mount the gun blisters before assembling the fuselage halves.

Glue the grill to the vent under the engine before gluing the vent to the
fuselage.  I didn't and the grill slipped into the fuselage, never to be seen again
(although it was heard).  Note: if you glue the grill on before attaching the wings,
you can get it if it falls inside.  Perhaps it would be best to glue some kind of
barrier (perhaps thin plastic rod) over the cover before putting the fuselage halves
together.

On the F/G-2, try gluing small plastic rods or metal wire to the edges of
the area the cowling covers to support it.  It might be best to attach
each cowling half to its respective fuselage before putting the fuselage halves
together.  Cut the cowling machine gun barrels off and attach them inside the
cowling.

When painting the RLM 76, don't forget: landing gear covers, aileron balances,
exhaust shields, rear wings.

### Recognition stripes on P-47's

I found this information in
[this forum topic](http://cs.finescale.com/fsm/modeling_subjects/f/2/t/144913.aspx)

Vertical tail - 12" band, centered 26" from fin tip on very early P-47s and moved down to
centered 32" on most everything after the P&#8209;47D&#8209;5&#8209;RE.

Stabilizers - 16" band, centered 33" from outermost point

Cowl band - 24" from front lip

### Bf 109 kits in box in back closet

- 1 x J12 F-4/trop
- 1 x Jt63 Bf 109K-4
- 2 x Jt64 Bf 109G-10
- 1 x J13 Bf 109G-2 (F tool)
- 1 x J10 (Jt26) Bf 109F-2
- 1 x 09326 Bf 109T-2 (Jt9 E-4/7)
- 1 x Jt48 Bf 109G-14
- 1 x 09324 Bf 109G-6 Graf
- 1 x 09303 Bf 109G-4 Hartmann (G tool)
- 1 x 09363 Bf 109G-6 Barkhorn (missing drop tank and mount and spinner)

### Tamiya mixes 25 Dec 2018

Bronze Green: XF-70 IJN Green (2) cut about 60/40 with XF-2 Flat White.  This has
a slight bluish tint, good for Grumman cockpits (I think).  Also P-47 cockpits -
again, maybe.

FS34102: 3 parts XF-5 Flat Green, 3 parts XF-13 JA Green, 1 part XF-2 Flat White.

FS34092 (Euro Green):  XF-26 Deep Green cut about 60/40 with XF-2 Flat White.
This might also serve as Medium Green as part of disruptive camouflage on US planes.

US Army Olive Drab: 3 parts XF-62 Olive Drab, 1 part XF-60 Dark Yellow.  This is per
Steve Zalonga's recommendation.

### Tamiya paint mixes references

Per the 1/48 Bf 109G-6 kit, use XF-54:3 + XF-63:1 for RLM&nbsp;75
and XF-24:1 + XF-27:3 for RLM&nbsp;74.  These are new mixes.
XF-54 is Dark Sea Grey, XF-63 is German Grey,
XF-24 is Dark Grey and XF-27 is Black Green.

[This page on Hyperscale](http://hyperscale.com/2007/features/fw190a648jt_1.htm)
shows mixes for RLM&nbsp;76 and RLM&nbsp;74, but not RLM&nbsp;75.  It does
have photos of the colors.  The subject is Eduard's original tooling of the Fw&nbsp;190.

[This page on world-in-miniature at blogspot](http://worldinminiature.blogspot.com/2010/10/kit-review-tamiya-148-fw-190-f-8.html)
has a review of the Tamiya Fw&nbsp;190F-8 and includes mixes for all three RLM colors
(76, 75 and 74).

PRU Blue, which is BS636 (British Standard) or FS35109, is XF-8:3 +
XF-2:4.  XF-8 is Flat Blue and XF-2 is Flat White.

[This IPMS review of the ISU-152](https://web.ipmsusa3.org/content/isu-152-2-155mm-bl-10-cannon-2-1)
shows a mix for 4BO (Soviet armor) using Tamiya paints.

[This page](http://khyronsmodels.blogspot.com/2015/07/)
shows another Tamiya mix for 4BO, using XF-58 Olive Green and XF-4 Yellow Green, 50/50.

[This post on Armorama](https://armorama.com/modules.php?op=modload&name=SquawkBox&file=index&req=viewtopic&topic_id=231699&page=1)
has a reference to XF-58 Olive Green and XF-49 Khaki 50/50, but I tried this and it really
didn't look right.

For Soviet armor, try NATO Green, Field Grey, or JGSDF Green, or RLM62 per Tom Cleaver
in Tamiya 1/48 KV-1 review on [Modeling Madness](http://www.modelingmadness.com).
Note that Field Grey is a match for RLM62.

[This topic on Hyperscale](https://www.tapatalk.com/groups/hyperscale/russian-green-t496537.html)
lists XF-49:2 + XF-5:1 + XF-3:1 as a mix for Soviet green.  This also didn't look quite
right - it seemed a bit too brownish (undoubtedly due to the XF-49 Khaki).

Tamiya JSDGF Olive Drab for British tanks? or (more likely) Korean War Sherman?

The [IPMS Dayton page on Tamiya mixes](http://www.ipmsdayton.com/sites/default/files/Tamiya_Mixes.txt)
shows XF-70 IJN Green (2) for FS34058, which is Bronze Green, used in many US cockpits.
XF-70 might be a bit too dark.

[This page](http://cs.finescale.com/fsm/modeling_subjects/f/3/t/117265.aspx) has a mix for Olive Drab
for US armor.

### Miscellaneous, including links

[This post](https://www.britmodeller.com/forums/index.php?/topic/235033274-airfix-148-p-51d-not-that-impressed/)
on britmodeller.com is by a guy who is not terribly impressed with the Airfix 1/48 P-51D.

[This page](http://airfieldmodels.com/gallery_of_models/display/tamiya_f4f_4_wildcat/index.htm) on
airfieldmodels.com shows some good images of the F4F landing gear.

[Pixels and Plastics](http://www.marceldulong.com/plastics) has a lot of great models.

[A good photo of a stash](http://www.kgwings.com/shamehall/shamehall.html).

[Beyond The Sprues](http://www.beyondthesprues.com)

[Track-Link](http://www.track-link.com)

Commit message:

Add link to Spitfire build.

hobby.md, after:

### Notes on building Hasegawa's 1/48 Bf 109F/G/K kits

Some notes on building Hasegawa's 1/48 Messerschmitt Bf 109G-6.  They may apply to
other variants as well.

Cockpit: it would probably be best to glue some scrap plastic to the back of the
instrument panel and then sand it to fit the curvature of the panel.  That would
make the bond to the inside of the fuselage better.  Also, glue the sidewalls to the
fuselage, rather than to the cockpit floor.  When the sidewalls were glued to the
floor, the floor did not fit against its mounts.

Cowling: make sure it fits smoothly.  Probably need to sand the parts it mounts against.

Sand the grills that mount in the wings.  It might be beneficial to add butt support to
the join.

Paint the mottle before painting the top of the fuselage.  As a matter of
fact, it may be advantageous to paint the mottle before the tops of the
wings.  Also, paint the mottle before attaching the air intake.

Either make large (1 mm) holes in the top of the wing for the tire bulges, or
sand off the pins.  Otherwise it is difficult to align them.

Mount the gun blisters before assembling the fuselage halves.

Glue the grill to the vent under the engine before gluing the vent to the
fuselage.  I didn't and the grill slipped into the fuselage, never to be seen again
(although it was heard).  Note: if you glue the grill on before attaching the wings,
you can get it if it falls inside.  Perhaps it would be best to glue some kind of
barrier (perhaps thin plastic rod) over the cover before putting the fuselage halves
together.

On the F/G-2, try gluing small plastic rods or metal wire to the edges of
the area the cowling covers to support it.  It might be best to attach
each cowling half to its respective fuselage before putting the fuselage halves
together.  Cut the cowling machine gun barrels off and attach them inside the
cowling.

When painting the RLM 76, don't forget: landing gear covers, aileron balances,
exhaust shields, rear wings.

### Recognition stripes on P-47's

I found this information in
[this forum topic](http://cs.finescale.com/fsm/modeling_subjects/f/2/t/144913.aspx)

Vertical tail - 12" band, centered 26" from fin tip on very early P-47s and moved down to
centered 32" on most everything after the P&#8209;47D&#8209;5&#8209;RE.

Stabilizers - 16" band, centered 33" from outermost point

Cowl band - 24" from front lip

### Bf 109 kits in box in back closet

- 1 x J12 F-4/trop
- 1 x Jt63 Bf 109K-4
- 2 x Jt64 Bf 109G-10
- 1 x J13 Bf 109G-2 (F tool)
- 1 x J10 (Jt26) Bf 109F-2
- 1 x 09326 Bf 109T-2 (Jt9 E-4/7)
- 1 x Jt48 Bf 109G-14
- 1 x 09324 Bf 109G-6 Graf
- 1 x 09303 Bf 109G-4 Hartmann (G tool)
- 1 x 09363 Bf 109G-6 Barkhorn (missing drop tank and mount and spinner)

### Tamiya mixes 25 Dec 2018

Bronze Green: XF-70 IJN Green (2) cut about 60/40 with XF-2 Flat White.  This has
a slight bluish tint, good for Grumman cockpits (I think).  Also P-47 cockpits -
again, maybe.

FS34102: 3 parts XF-5 Flat Green, 3 parts XF-13 JA Green, 1 part XF-2 Flat White.

FS34092 (Euro Green):  XF-26 Deep Green cut about 60/40 with XF-2 Flat White.
This might also serve as Medium Green as part of disruptive camouflage on US planes.

US Army Olive Drab: 3 parts XF-62 Olive Drab, 1 part XF-60 Dark Yellow.  This is per
Steve Zalonga's recommendation.

### Tamiya paint mixes references

Per the 1/48 Bf 109G-6 kit, use XF-54:3 + XF-63:1 for RLM&nbsp;75
and XF-24:1 + XF-27:3 for RLM&nbsp;74.  These are new mixes.
XF-54 is Dark Sea Grey, XF-63 is German Grey,
XF-24 is Dark Grey and XF-27 is Black Green.

[This page on Hyperscale](http://hyperscale.com/2007/features/fw190a648jt_1.htm)
shows mixes for RLM&nbsp;76 and RLM&nbsp;74, but not RLM&nbsp;75.  It does
have photos of the colors.  The subject is Eduard's original tooling of the Fw&nbsp;190.

[This page on world-in-miniature at blogspot](http://worldinminiature.blogspot.com/2010/10/kit-review-tamiya-148-fw-190-f-8.html)
has a review of the Tamiya Fw&nbsp;190F-8 and includes mixes for all three RLM colors
(76, 75 and 74).

PRU Blue, which is BS636 (British Standard) or FS35109, is XF-8:3 +
XF-2:4.  XF-8 is Flat Blue and XF-2 is Flat White.

[This IPMS review of the ISU-152](https://web.ipmsusa3.org/content/isu-152-2-155mm-bl-10-cannon-2-1)
shows a mix for 4BO (Soviet armor) using Tamiya paints.

[This page](http://khyronsmodels.blogspot.com/2015/07/)
shows another Tamiya mix for 4BO, using XF-58 Olive Green and XF-4 Yellow Green, 50/50.

[This post on Armorama](https://armorama.com/modules.php?op=modload&name=SquawkBox&file=index&req=viewtopic&topic_id=231699&page=1)
has a reference to XF-58 Olive Green and XF-49 Khaki 50/50, but I tried this and it really
didn't look right.

For Soviet armor, try NATO Green, Field Grey, or JGSDF Green, or RLM62 per Tom Cleaver
in Tamiya 1/48 KV-1 review on [Modeling Madness](http://www.modelingmadness.com).
Note that Field Grey is a match for RLM62.

[This topic on Hyperscale](https://www.tapatalk.com/groups/hyperscale/russian-green-t496537.html)
lists XF-49:2 + XF-5:1 + XF-3:1 as a mix for Soviet green.  This also didn't look quite
right - it seemed a bit too brownish (undoubtedly due to the XF-49 Khaki).

Tamiya JSDGF Olive Drab for British tanks? or (more likely) Korean War Sherman?

The [IPMS Dayton page on Tamiya mixes](http://www.ipmsdayton.com/sites/default/files/Tamiya_Mixes.txt)
shows XF-70 IJN Green (2) for FS34058, which is Bronze Green, used in many US cockpits.
XF-70 might be a bit too dark.

[This page](http://cs.finescale.com/fsm/modeling_subjects/f/3/t/117265.aspx) has a mix for Olive Drab
for US armor.

### Miscellaneous, including links

[A page on ww2aircraft.net](https://ww2aircraft.net/forum/threads/spitfire-mk-ix-c-early-version-1-48-eduard.39649/)
documenting a build of the Eduard 1/48 Spitfire IXc.

[This post](https://www.britmodeller.com/forums/index.php?/topic/235033274-airfix-148-p-51d-not-that-impressed/)
on britmodeller.com is by a guy who is not terribly impressed with the Airfix 1/48 P-51D.

[This page](http://airfieldmodels.com/gallery_of_models/display/tamiya_f4f_4_wildcat/index.htm) on
airfieldmodels.com shows some good images of the F4F landing gear.

[Pixels and Plastics](http://www.marceldulong.com/plastics) has a lot of great models.

[A good photo of a stash](http://www.kgwings.com/shamehall/shamehall.html).

[Beyond The Sprues](http://www.beyondthesprues.com)

[Track-Link](http://www.track-link.com)
