media.md, before:

### Books
- Truman Capote - Answered Prayers
- Maxell Maltz - Psycho-Cybernetics
- David Pogue et. al. - Classical Music For Dummies
- David Baldaccci - Memory Man (first in Amos Decker series)
- Alison Golden - Inspector Graham mysteries
- Michael Leese - Going Underground (Jonathan Roper - autistic detective)
- Chris McGeorge - Guess Who (also look at Amazon page for related titles)
- Lisa Unger - several series and several standalone
- Tim Kizer - Dead Girls
- Stuart Turton - The 7-1/2 Deaths Of Evelyn Hardcastle
- Catherine Ryan Howard - The Liar's Girl
- Lucy Foley - The Hunting Party (?)
- Ruth Ware - In A Dark, Dark Wood (?)
- Bruce Bryans - What Women Want When They Test Men
- John Tamny - Popular Economics
- Timothy Snyder - Black Earth
- Christopher Browning - Ordinary Men
- Daniel Goldhagen - Hitler's Willing Executioners
- Deirdre N. McCloskey - Bourgeois Dignity
- Simon Schama - An Embarrassment Of Riches
- Linda Ball - 185 Days: School Stories
- Barbara Tuchman - The Guns Of August and A Distant Mirror
- Ernest Becker - The Denial Of Death
- Erich Hoffer - The True Believer
- Vilfredo Pareto - Mind And Society
- Evan Wright - Generation Kill
- Po Bronson - What Should I Do With My Life?
- Richard O'Connor - Undoing Depression
- David Hackett Fischer - Washington's Crossing
- Gregg Easterbrook - The Progress Paradox
- T.S. Eliot - The Lovesong Of J. Alfred Prufrock
- Joseph Wambaugh - Fire Lover
- Jo Nesbo - Cockroaches (Harry Hole number 2)
- James Patterson - Kiss The Girls
- Michael Crichton - The Great Train Robbery
- Nick Russell-Pavier and Stewart Richards - The Great Train Robbery
- Peter Hoeg - Smilla's Sense Of Snow and perhaps others
- Mark de Castrique - Blackman's Coffin
- Camilla Lackberg - The Preacher
- Annabel Chase - Great Balls Of Fury
- Shari Lapena - The Couple Next Door
- Riley Sager - Final Girls
- Charlaine Harris - Real Murders (Aurora Teagarden number 1)
- Peter King - The Gourmet Detective (also movies)
- Joanne Fluke - Chocolate Chip Cookie Murder (also movies)
- Tess Gerritsen - The Sinner (and then other in Rizzoli/Isles series)
- Jack Ritchie stories
- Edward D. Hoch stories
- Margaret Yorke - Silent Witness (Patrick Grant number 2)
- Clark Ashton Smith - Maker Of Gargoyles
- Lewis Spence - The Horn Of Vapula
- Ron Chernow - Grant (biography of Ulysses S. Grant)
- Konjaku Monogatari - Japanese folklore
- Anne Cleeves - Raven Black (Shetland number 1), Vera Stanhope series (have number 1)
- Janet Neel - Death's Bright Angel (Wilson-McLeish number 1)
- R. Chetwynd-Hayes - The Grange or standalone novels
- Freeman Wills Crofts - Inspector French's Greatest Case (Inspector French number 1)
- Ben Wattenberg
- Dorothy Cannell - The Thin Woman (Ellie Haskell number 1), Murder At Mullings (Florence Norris number 1)
- Stanley Ellin stories, perhaps novels too
- Henri Junttila - Find Your Passion
- Martin Meadows - books on self-discipline
- S. J. Scott - Habit Stacking
- Damon Zahariades - To-Do List Formula
- David Parker - The More You Do The Better You Feel
- Lionel Shriver - The Mandibles
- A. E. W. Mason - Murder At The Villa Rose
- Nicholas Blake - A Question Of Proof (Nigel Strangeways number 1)
- Stuart Palmer - The Penguin Pool Murder (Hildegarde Withers number 1)
- Maurice Leblanc - Arsene Lupin stories (perhaps as free ebooks)
- Steven Pressfield
- Biography of Admiral Yamamoto
- Carter Dickson (John Dickson Carr) - The Plague Court Murders (Henry Merrivale number 1)
- Margaret Erskine - And Being Dead aka The Limping Man or The Painted Mask (Septimus Finch number 1)
- Georges Simenon - Maigret And The Enigmatic Lett aka The Strange Case Of Peter The Lett (Inspector Maigret number 1)
- Malcolm Gladwell - The Tipping Point and Outliers
- &#197;sa Larsson - The Blood Spilt (Rebecka Martinsson number 2)
- Harry Dolan - Bad Things Happen
- Patrick Quentin - Puzzle For Players and subsequent - also check for his books under other names
- Andrea Camilleri - Inspector Montalbano series, first is The Shape Of Water (also on video)
- R. S. Hadji - look for lists
- Miles Burton, pseudonym of Cecil John Charles Street, who also wrote as John Rhode - golden age writer
- R. A. Bentley - Inspector Felix mysteries
- Blythe Baker - Miss Alice mysteries
- Anthony Berkeley
- Music textbooks?

### Music and other audio
- BBC Radio adaptations of Lord Peter Wimsey
- Sly And The Family Stone - Everyday People and Dance To The Music and Stand
- Four Seasons - Walk Like A Man and Sherry and Big Girls Don't Cry and Dawn and Rag Doll
- Frankie Valli - Can't Take My Eyes Off You and My Eyes Adored You
- Lulu - To Sir With Love studio version
- Five Man Electrical Band - Signs
- Tim McGraw
- Cream
- Johnny Rivers - Hey Joe
- Elvis - Burning Love
- Gavin Rossdale and All Too Much - Hush
- All Too Much and Matthew Sweet - Ghosts Of Girlfriends Past
- Bananarama - Help! and Nathan Jones
- Alison Krauss - When You Say Nothing At All
- Pam Tillis - Maybe It Was Memphis
- Wilson Pickett - Hey Jude and Hey Joe (?)
- Jackson 5 - I'll Be There and ABC, perhaps others
- Katy Perry - Wide Awake
- The Beat Bugs
- Tim McGraw - It Felt Good On My Lips
- Keith Whitley - When You Say Nothing At All - also Alison Krauss version
- Jo Dee Messina
- The Carpenters - Rainy Days And Mondays and We've Only Just Begun
- Juice Newton - Love's Been A Little Hard On Me and Queen Of Hearts and Angel Of The Morning
- Christina Perri - Human and A Thousand Years
- Sammy Johns - Chevy Van
- Kim Weston - Take Me In Your Arms
- BTO - Roll On Down The Highway
- Concrete Blonde - Joey
- John Cafferty - On The Dark Side
- Diana Ross - Touch Me In The Morning
- Bahari - Dancing On The Sun
- John Fred And His Playboy Band - Judy In Disguise
- The Smithereens - Meet The Smithereens and earlier works if remastered
- Kansas - It Takes A Woman's Love if remastered
- Sam Cooke - Twisting The Night Away and Another Saturday Night
- Oscar Peterson
- Thelonius Monk
- Dizzy Gillespie
- Blind Lemon Jefferson
- Fats Waller
- Trans Siberian Orchestra
- Gustav Mahler works
- Gov't Mule
- Manhattan Transfer
- Collin Raye
- Alan Jackson (?)
- Mary Tyler Moore theme by Sonny Curtis (perhaps rip from DVD?)
- Keith Urban - You Gonna Fly
- Kasey Chambers
- The Grateful Dead - Good Lovin'
- Loggins And Messina - Angry Eyes
- Lady Antebellum - Love Don't Live Here Anymore
- Miranda Lambert - Kerosene and Gunpower And Lead and Heart Like Mine and
White Liar and Baggage Claim and The House That Built Me and Famous In A Small Town
- The Band Perry - If I Die Young and Gone and Better Dig Two
- Carrie Underwood - Blown Away et. al.
- Sophie B. Hawkins - Damn I Wish I Was Your Lover and As I Lay Me Down
- Sixpence None The Richer - There She Goes and Don't Dream It's Over and Kiss Me
- Crowded House - Something So Strong and Don't Dream It's Over
- Rainman - Bring Back The Summer
- Sarah Buxton - That Kind Of Day et. al.
- Mai Kuraki (Japanese singer)
- Status Quo - Sheila (cover of Tommy Roe song, on Pictures Of Matchstick Men album) and Safety Dance
- Gloria Estefan - Live For Loving You and Get On Your Feet
- Miami Sound Machine - 1,2,3 and Conga
- The Hollies - The Air That I Breathe
- The Spinners - Rubber Band Man and One Of A Kind Love Affair et. al.
- Rod Stewart - She Makes Me Happy
- Uriah Heep - Celebrate (from The Lansdowne Tapes)
- Paul McCartney - Take It Away
- Lindsey Buckingham - Trouble
- Doobie Brothers - Natural Thing
- Buffalo Springfield - Go And Say Goodbye
- Poco - Go And Say Goodbye (Blue Dogs and Buddy Woodward also did covers according to secondhandsongs.com)
- Linda Ronstadt remastered
- LeAnn Rimes - Big Deal
- Echo And The Bunnymen - Lips Like Sugar
- Matchbox Twenty - Unwell and She's So Mean
- Walk The Moon - Shut Up And Dance With Me
- Chi Coltrane - Thunder And Lightning
- Thompson Square - Kiss Me Or Not
- Colbie Collait - Brighter Than The Sun
- Tracey Ullman - They Don't Know
- Train - Ways To Say Goodbye
- Every Mother's Son - Come On Down To My Boat
- Emeli Sande - Next To Me
- Little Big Town - Tornado Song and Little White Church
- The Bee Gees - Lonely Days and New York Mining Disaster 1941
- Sara Evans - Long Way Down
- The First Edition - Just Dropped In
- April Wine - Sign Of The Gypsy Queen
- Nancy Sinatra - Last Of The Secret Agents
- The Wreckers - Leave The Pieces
- Donnie Iris - Ah Leah
- Night Ranger - Sister Christian
- Passenger - Let Her Go
- Cat Stevens - Another Saturday Night and The First Cut Is The Deepest
- Joe Jackson - I'm The Man
- Santana - Winning
- Roxy Music - Love Is The Drug
- Martin Briley - The Salt In My Tears
- Chris Isaak - Wicked Game and Somebody's Crying
- Rush - Closer To The Heart
- Oingo Boingo - Dead Man's Party
- Boz Scaggs - Lido Shuffle
- Danny Spanos - Hot Cherie
- Climax Blues Band - I Love You and Couldn't Get It Right
- Tristan Prettyman - My Oh My
- Eric Heatherly - Flowers On The Wall
- Neil Young - Come On Baby Let's Go Downtown
- The Ventures - Hawaii Five-O theme
- Kelsea Ballerini - Love Me Like You Mean It
- The Cure - Friday I'm In Love and Pictures Of You and Just Like Heaven, perhaps more
- Smash Mouth - I'm A Believer
- Siouxsie And The Banshees - Dear Prudence
- Ingrid Michaelson - Girls Chase Boys
- KT Tunstall - Suddenly I See and Black Horse And The Cherry Tree
- Demi Lovato - Give Your Heart A Break
- Taylor Swift - Shake It Off and Wildest Dreams
- songs from Buffy The Vampire Slayer soundtrack - Susanna Hoffs and Divinyls
- Allman Brothers - Blue Sky and Ramblin' Man
- Roger Daltrey - Avenging Annie and Say It Aint' So Joe
- Nelly Furtado - I'm Like A Bird and Turn Off The Light
- Dido - White Flag
- Mason Williams - Classical Gas
- OMD - Dreaming and If You Leave
- Salsa music and other Latin jazz

### TV Series
- The Blacklist
- Two Broke Girls
- How To Get Away With Murder season 3
- New Girl seasons 5-7
- Will And Grace season 9+
- DCI Banks (on Amazon Prime)
- Stranger Things (Netflix series)
- Murder Call (Australian series)
- Death In Paradise season 8
- The Brokenwood Mysteries
- D.A.G.
- Man Caves
- Hoarders
- Grimm (on Amazon Prime)
- Constantine
- Stalker
- Go On
- The Bridge
- Scandal season 2+
- Late Columbo movies
- This Emotional Life
- Lovespring International
- Eddie Capra Mysteries

### Anime
- Death Parade
- Gun X Sword
- Cowboy Bebop
- Upotte
- Cat Planet Cuties
- Girls' Last Tour (on Amazon Prime)
- anything by Hayao Miyazaki (recommended by the Positivity blog)

[Bloody-disgusting](https://bloody-disgusting.com/) and
[DreadCentral](https://www.dreadcentral.com/) are horror movie sites.

Commit message:

Add Jussi Adler-Olsen to book list.

media.md, after:

### Books
- Truman Capote - Answered Prayers
- Maxell Maltz - Psycho-Cybernetics
- David Pogue et. al. - Classical Music For Dummies
- David Baldaccci - Memory Man (first in Amos Decker series)
- Alison Golden - Inspector Graham mysteries
- Michael Leese - Going Underground (Jonathan Roper - autistic detective)
- Chris McGeorge - Guess Who (also look at Amazon page for related titles)
- Lisa Unger - several series and several standalone
- Tim Kizer - Dead Girls
- Stuart Turton - The 7-1/2 Deaths Of Evelyn Hardcastle
- Catherine Ryan Howard - The Liar's Girl
- Lucy Foley - The Hunting Party (?)
- Ruth Ware - In A Dark, Dark Wood (?)
- Bruce Bryans - What Women Want When They Test Men
- John Tamny - Popular Economics
- Timothy Snyder - Black Earth
- Christopher Browning - Ordinary Men
- Daniel Goldhagen - Hitler's Willing Executioners
- Deirdre N. McCloskey - Bourgeois Dignity
- Simon Schama - An Embarrassment Of Riches
- Linda Ball - 185 Days: School Stories
- Barbara Tuchman - The Guns Of August and A Distant Mirror
- Ernest Becker - The Denial Of Death
- Erich Hoffer - The True Believer
- Vilfredo Pareto - Mind And Society
- Evan Wright - Generation Kill
- Po Bronson - What Should I Do With My Life?
- Richard O'Connor - Undoing Depression
- David Hackett Fischer - Washington's Crossing
- Gregg Easterbrook - The Progress Paradox
- T.S. Eliot - The Lovesong Of J. Alfred Prufrock
- Joseph Wambaugh - Fire Lover
- Jo Nesbo - Cockroaches (Harry Hole number 2)
- James Patterson - Kiss The Girls
- Michael Crichton - The Great Train Robbery
- Nick Russell-Pavier and Stewart Richards - The Great Train Robbery
- Peter Hoeg - Smilla's Sense Of Snow and perhaps others
- Mark de Castrique - Blackman's Coffin
- Camilla Lackberg - The Preacher
- Annabel Chase - Great Balls Of Fury
- Shari Lapena - The Couple Next Door
- Riley Sager - Final Girls
- Charlaine Harris - Real Murders (Aurora Teagarden number 1)
- Peter King - The Gourmet Detective (also movies)
- Joanne Fluke - Chocolate Chip Cookie Murder (also movies)
- Tess Gerritsen - The Sinner (and then other in Rizzoli/Isles series)
- Jack Ritchie stories
- Edward D. Hoch stories
- Margaret Yorke - Silent Witness (Patrick Grant number 2)
- Clark Ashton Smith - Maker Of Gargoyles
- Lewis Spence - The Horn Of Vapula
- Ron Chernow - Grant (biography of Ulysses S. Grant)
- Konjaku Monogatari - Japanese folklore
- Anne Cleeves - Raven Black (Shetland number 1), Vera Stanhope series (have number 1)
- Janet Neel - Death's Bright Angel (Wilson-McLeish number 1)
- R. Chetwynd-Hayes - The Grange or standalone novels
- Freeman Wills Crofts - Inspector French's Greatest Case (Inspector French number 1)
- Ben Wattenberg
- Dorothy Cannell - The Thin Woman (Ellie Haskell number 1), Murder At Mullings (Florence Norris number 1)
- Stanley Ellin stories, perhaps novels too
- Henri Junttila - Find Your Passion
- Martin Meadows - books on self-discipline
- S. J. Scott - Habit Stacking
- Damon Zahariades - To-Do List Formula
- David Parker - The More You Do The Better You Feel
- Lionel Shriver - The Mandibles
- A. E. W. Mason - Murder At The Villa Rose
- Nicholas Blake - A Question Of Proof (Nigel Strangeways number 1)
- Stuart Palmer - The Penguin Pool Murder (Hildegarde Withers number 1)
- Maurice Leblanc - Arsene Lupin stories (perhaps as free ebooks)
- Steven Pressfield
- Biography of Admiral Yamamoto
- Carter Dickson (John Dickson Carr) - The Plague Court Murders (Henry Merrivale number 1)
- Margaret Erskine - And Being Dead aka The Limping Man or The Painted Mask (Septimus Finch number 1)
- Georges Simenon - Maigret And The Enigmatic Lett aka The Strange Case Of Peter The Lett (Inspector Maigret number 1)
- Malcolm Gladwell - The Tipping Point and Outliers
- &#197;sa Larsson - The Blood Spilt (Rebecka Martinsson number 2)
- Harry Dolan - Bad Things Happen
- Patrick Quentin - Puzzle For Players and subsequent - also check for his books under other names
- Andrea Camilleri - Inspector Montalbano series, first is The Shape Of Water (also on video)
- R. S. Hadji - look for lists
- Miles Burton, pseudonym of Cecil John Charles Street, who also wrote as John Rhode - golden age writer
- R. A. Bentley - Inspector Felix mysteries
- Blythe Baker - Miss Alice mysteries
- Jussi Adler-Olsen - The Keeper Of Lost Causes (?)
- Anthony Berkeley
- Music textbooks?

### Music and other audio
- BBC Radio adaptations of Lord Peter Wimsey
- Sly And The Family Stone - Everyday People and Dance To The Music and Stand
- Four Seasons - Walk Like A Man and Sherry and Big Girls Don't Cry and Dawn and Rag Doll
- Frankie Valli - Can't Take My Eyes Off You and My Eyes Adored You
- Lulu - To Sir With Love studio version
- Five Man Electrical Band - Signs
- Tim McGraw
- Cream
- Johnny Rivers - Hey Joe
- Elvis - Burning Love
- Gavin Rossdale and All Too Much - Hush
- All Too Much and Matthew Sweet - Ghosts Of Girlfriends Past
- Bananarama - Help! and Nathan Jones
- Alison Krauss - When You Say Nothing At All
- Pam Tillis - Maybe It Was Memphis
- Wilson Pickett - Hey Jude and Hey Joe (?)
- Jackson 5 - I'll Be There and ABC, perhaps others
- Katy Perry - Wide Awake
- The Beat Bugs
- Tim McGraw - It Felt Good On My Lips
- Keith Whitley - When You Say Nothing At All - also Alison Krauss version
- Jo Dee Messina
- The Carpenters - Rainy Days And Mondays and We've Only Just Begun
- Juice Newton - Love's Been A Little Hard On Me and Queen Of Hearts and Angel Of The Morning
- Christina Perri - Human and A Thousand Years
- Sammy Johns - Chevy Van
- Kim Weston - Take Me In Your Arms
- BTO - Roll On Down The Highway
- Concrete Blonde - Joey
- John Cafferty - On The Dark Side
- Diana Ross - Touch Me In The Morning
- Bahari - Dancing On The Sun
- John Fred And His Playboy Band - Judy In Disguise
- The Smithereens - Meet The Smithereens and earlier works if remastered
- Kansas - It Takes A Woman's Love if remastered
- Sam Cooke - Twisting The Night Away and Another Saturday Night
- Oscar Peterson
- Thelonius Monk
- Dizzy Gillespie
- Blind Lemon Jefferson
- Fats Waller
- Trans Siberian Orchestra
- Gustav Mahler works
- Gov't Mule
- Manhattan Transfer
- Collin Raye
- Alan Jackson (?)
- Mary Tyler Moore theme by Sonny Curtis (perhaps rip from DVD?)
- Keith Urban - You Gonna Fly
- Kasey Chambers
- The Grateful Dead - Good Lovin'
- Loggins And Messina - Angry Eyes
- Lady Antebellum - Love Don't Live Here Anymore
- Miranda Lambert - Kerosene and Gunpower And Lead and Heart Like Mine and
White Liar and Baggage Claim and The House That Built Me and Famous In A Small Town
- The Band Perry - If I Die Young and Gone and Better Dig Two
- Carrie Underwood - Blown Away et. al.
- Sophie B. Hawkins - Damn I Wish I Was Your Lover and As I Lay Me Down
- Sixpence None The Richer - There She Goes and Don't Dream It's Over and Kiss Me
- Crowded House - Something So Strong and Don't Dream It's Over
- Rainman - Bring Back The Summer
- Sarah Buxton - That Kind Of Day et. al.
- Mai Kuraki (Japanese singer)
- Status Quo - Sheila (cover of Tommy Roe song, on Pictures Of Matchstick Men album) and Safety Dance
- Gloria Estefan - Live For Loving You and Get On Your Feet
- Miami Sound Machine - 1,2,3 and Conga
- The Hollies - The Air That I Breathe
- The Spinners - Rubber Band Man and One Of A Kind Love Affair et. al.
- Rod Stewart - She Makes Me Happy
- Uriah Heep - Celebrate (from The Lansdowne Tapes)
- Paul McCartney - Take It Away
- Lindsey Buckingham - Trouble
- Doobie Brothers - Natural Thing
- Buffalo Springfield - Go And Say Goodbye
- Poco - Go And Say Goodbye (Blue Dogs and Buddy Woodward also did covers according to secondhandsongs.com)
- Linda Ronstadt remastered
- LeAnn Rimes - Big Deal
- Echo And The Bunnymen - Lips Like Sugar
- Matchbox Twenty - Unwell and She's So Mean
- Walk The Moon - Shut Up And Dance With Me
- Chi Coltrane - Thunder And Lightning
- Thompson Square - Kiss Me Or Not
- Colbie Collait - Brighter Than The Sun
- Tracey Ullman - They Don't Know
- Train - Ways To Say Goodbye
- Every Mother's Son - Come On Down To My Boat
- Emeli Sande - Next To Me
- Little Big Town - Tornado Song and Little White Church
- The Bee Gees - Lonely Days and New York Mining Disaster 1941
- Sara Evans - Long Way Down
- The First Edition - Just Dropped In
- April Wine - Sign Of The Gypsy Queen
- Nancy Sinatra - Last Of The Secret Agents
- The Wreckers - Leave The Pieces
- Donnie Iris - Ah Leah
- Night Ranger - Sister Christian
- Passenger - Let Her Go
- Cat Stevens - Another Saturday Night and The First Cut Is The Deepest
- Joe Jackson - I'm The Man
- Santana - Winning
- Roxy Music - Love Is The Drug
- Martin Briley - The Salt In My Tears
- Chris Isaak - Wicked Game and Somebody's Crying
- Rush - Closer To The Heart
- Oingo Boingo - Dead Man's Party
- Boz Scaggs - Lido Shuffle
- Danny Spanos - Hot Cherie
- Climax Blues Band - I Love You and Couldn't Get It Right
- Tristan Prettyman - My Oh My
- Eric Heatherly - Flowers On The Wall
- Neil Young - Come On Baby Let's Go Downtown
- The Ventures - Hawaii Five-O theme
- Kelsea Ballerini - Love Me Like You Mean It
- The Cure - Friday I'm In Love and Pictures Of You and Just Like Heaven, perhaps more
- Smash Mouth - I'm A Believer
- Siouxsie And The Banshees - Dear Prudence
- Ingrid Michaelson - Girls Chase Boys
- KT Tunstall - Suddenly I See and Black Horse And The Cherry Tree
- Demi Lovato - Give Your Heart A Break
- Taylor Swift - Shake It Off and Wildest Dreams
- songs from Buffy The Vampire Slayer soundtrack - Susanna Hoffs and Divinyls
- Allman Brothers - Blue Sky and Ramblin' Man
- Roger Daltrey - Avenging Annie and Say It Aint' So Joe
- Nelly Furtado - I'm Like A Bird and Turn Off The Light
- Dido - White Flag
- Mason Williams - Classical Gas
- OMD - Dreaming and If You Leave
- Salsa music and other Latin jazz

### TV Series
- The Blacklist
- Two Broke Girls
- How To Get Away With Murder season 3
- New Girl seasons 5-7
- Will And Grace season 9+
- DCI Banks (on Amazon Prime)
- Stranger Things (Netflix series)
- Murder Call (Australian series)
- Death In Paradise season 8
- The Brokenwood Mysteries
- D.A.G.
- Man Caves
- Hoarders
- Grimm (on Amazon Prime)
- Constantine
- Stalker
- Go On
- The Bridge
- Scandal season 2+
- Late Columbo movies
- This Emotional Life
- Lovespring International
- Eddie Capra Mysteries

### Anime
- Death Parade
- Gun X Sword
- Cowboy Bebop
- Upotte
- Cat Planet Cuties
- Girls' Last Tour (on Amazon Prime)
- anything by Hayao Miyazaki (recommended by the Positivity blog)

[Bloody-disgusting](https://bloody-disgusting.com/) and
[DreadCentral](https://www.dreadcentral.com/) are horror movie sites.
