notes.md, before:

[Gutenberg's Australian site](http://gutenberg.net.au) has numerous epub versions
of public domain books, as does
[the University of Adelaide](https://ebooks.adelaide.edu.au/index.html)
(although it is not maintained).

[Mystery Scene magazine](https://mysteryscenemag.com)

[East of the Web](http://www.eastoftheweb.com)

[Mystery File blog](http://mysteryfile.com/blog)

[This page on ArchLinux](https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Audiobook) shows how
to make m4b files, which is a format for audiobooks.  You can also put a .nomedia
file in a directory containing m4b files to prevent a music app from playing them.

The Mozilla web docs has [a page describing Javascript fetch](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Client-side_web_APIs/Fetching_data).

A playground for using flexbox can be found
[here](https://codepen.io/imohkay/pen/gpard).

Ryan Bosinger has [a nice page](https://www.ryanbosinger.com/blog/2017/09/02/using-docker-for-the-development-environment-of-a-middleman-site.html)
on using Middleman in a Docker container.

[Page with fix for mouse lag](https://askubuntu.com/questions/763413/how-can-i-get-rid-of-mouse-lag-under-ubuntu)

### Some Javascript sites
- [React](http://www.reactjs.org)
- [Feathers](https://feathersjs.com)
- [Riot](https://riot.js.org) is a front end framework
- [Quasar](https://quasar-framework.org) is a framework based on vuejs

### Movies to rent from Amazon
- Gallery Of Horrors
- Hot Millions
- Cactus Flower
- Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!

Commit message:

Add list of Holmes movies.

notes.md, after:

[Gutenberg's Australian site](http://gutenberg.net.au) has numerous epub versions
of public domain books, as does
[the University of Adelaide](https://ebooks.adelaide.edu.au/index.html)
(although it is not maintained).

[Mystery Scene magazine](https://mysteryscenemag.com)

[East of the Web](http://www.eastoftheweb.com)

[Mystery File blog](http://mysteryfile.com/blog)

[This page on ArchLinux](https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Audiobook) shows how
to make m4b files, which is a format for audiobooks.  You can also put a .nomedia
file in a directory containing m4b files to prevent a music app from playing them.

The Mozilla web docs has [a page describing Javascript fetch](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Client-side_web_APIs/Fetching_data).

A playground for using flexbox can be found
[here](https://codepen.io/imohkay/pen/gpard).

Ryan Bosinger has [a nice page](https://www.ryanbosinger.com/blog/2017/09/02/using-docker-for-the-development-environment-of-a-middleman-site.html)
on using Middleman in a Docker container.

[Page with fix for mouse lag](https://askubuntu.com/questions/763413/how-can-i-get-rid-of-mouse-lag-under-ubuntu)

### Some Javascript sites
- [React](http://www.reactjs.org)
- [Feathers](https://feathersjs.com)
- [Riot](https://riot.js.org) is a front end framework
- [Quasar](https://quasar-framework.org) is a framework based on vuejs

### Movies to rent from Amazon
- Basil Rathbone / Nigel Bruce Sherlock Holmes
    - The Hound Of The Baskervilles
    - The Adventures Of Sherlock Holmes
    - Sherlock Holmes And The Voice Of Terror
    - Sherlock Holmes And The Secret Weapon
    - Sherlock Holmes In Washington
    - Sherlock Holmes Faces Death
    - The Spider Woman
    - The Scarlet Claw
    - The Pearl Of Death
    - The House Of Fear
    - The Woman In Green
    - Pursuit To Algiers
    - Terror By Night
    - Dressed To Kill
- Gallery Of Horrors
- Hot Millions
- Cactus Flower
- Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!
